Clarified intent_to_retain value when not present (#730)
openid/OpenID4VP: 1.0/openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

The following are ISO mdoc specific parameters to be used in a Claims Query as defined in (#claims_query).

`intent_to_retain`

> : OPTIONAL. A boolean that is equivalent to `IntentToRetain` variable defined in Section 8.3.2.1.2.1 of [@ISO.18013-5]. If not specified, the Wallet uses the value `false`.

Reviewer: I can't find any place where we actually reached a conclusion on what we should do.

https://github.com/openid/OpenID4VP/issues/669#issuecomment-3281503177 says:

> explicitly stating that intent_to_retain being optional means that the verifier is not specifying if it will retain or not, which is arguably what the current spec says.

> : OPTIONAL. A boolean that is equivalent to `IntentToRetain` variable defined in Section 8.3.2.1.2.1 of [@ISO.18013-5]. If not specified, the Wallet uses the value `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: OPTIONAL. A boolean that is equivalent to `IntentToRetain` variable defined in Section 8.3.2.1.2.1 of [@ISO.18013-5]. If absent, the Verifier makes no statement on `IntentToRetain`.
```

   * Clarify nonce entropy requirements
   * Clarify that state is recommended to match text from Section 14.3.2. Protection of the Response URI
   * Clarify that `encrypted_response_enc_values_supported` applies only if JWE content encryption algorithm is used

>    * Clarify that `aud` corresponds to `issuer` Wallet Metadata paremeter if Dynamic Discovery is used

Reviewer: Don't know why it was decided to add this here as it's not relevant to this issue - it's already present on line 3601 so shouldn't be added a second time.

```suggestion
```
